In a previous scenario, you learned how to deploy an application from a existing container image. Here you will learn how to deploy an application direct from source code hosted in a remote Git repository. This will be done using the [Source-to-Image (S2I)](https://github.com/openshift/source-to-image) tool.

The documentation for S2I describes itself in the following way:

> Source-to-image (S2I) is a tool for building reproducible Docker images. S2I
produces ready-to-run images by injecting source code into a Docker image and
assembling a new Docker image which incorporates the builder image and built
source. The result is then ready to use with docker run. S2I supports
incremental builds which re-use previously downloaded dependencies, previously
built artifacts, etc.

OpenShift is S2I-enabled and can use S2I as one of its build mechanisms (in addition to building Docker images from `Dockerfile`s, and "custom" builds).

A full discussion of S2I is beyond the scope of this lab. More information about S2I can be found in the [OpenShift S2I documentation](https://docs.openshift.org/latest/creating_images/s2i.html) and the [GitHub project respository for S2I](https://github.com/openshift/source-to-image).

The only key concept you need to remember about S2I is that it's magic.

# Exercise: Deploying the application code

The backend service that you will be deploying in this lab is called ``nationalparks-katacoda``. This is a Python application that will return map coordinates of major national parks from all over the world as JSON, via a REST service API. The source code repository for the application can be found on GitHub at …

To deploy the application you are again going to use the *Add to Project* feature of the OpenShift web console, so ensure you have the OpenShift web console open and that you are in the project called ``myproject``. Find and select the *Add to Project* link in the top menu bar for the project. This time, rather than using *Deploy Image* you want to use *Browse Catalog*.